Log empty or nil select calls (#277)
tarantool/crud: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

### Changed
* Behaviour of potentially long `select` and `count` calls (`>`, `>=`, `<`, `<=`
  and `first` > 1000): a critical log entry containing the current stack
  traceback is created upon such function calls — an user can explicitly request

>   a full scan though by passing fullscan=true to select's options table argument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  a full scan though by passing `fullscan=true` to `select`'s options table argument
```

Author: Thank you, fixed.
